http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02127                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DHODH                  type II intermediate filament associated protein	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04278                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/SHBG                   protein complex assembly, multichaperone pathway	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P35228                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NOS2                   ubiquitin-specific protease activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04150                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NR3C1                  regulation of peripheral B cell deletion	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75469                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NR1I2                  exodeoxyribonuclease X activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23743                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DGKA                   GPR37/endothelin B-like receptor activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P17252                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PRKCA                  proteinaceous extracellular matrix	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P49638                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/TTPA                   neuromuscular synaptic transmission	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P05771                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PRKCB                  membrane attack complex	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P62714                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PPP2CB                 calmodulin binding	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P67775                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PPP2CA                 protein binding	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9Y271                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYSLTR1                positive regulation of peptidyl-threonine phosphorylation	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00395                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/COX1                   inositol-3-phosphate synthase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23219                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTGS1                  mitochondrial outer membrane translocase complex	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P35354                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTGS2                  mitochondrial inner membrane	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14780                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MMP9                   enoyPPP2CB -[acyl-carrier-protein] reductase (NADH) activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P15692                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/VEGFA                  peripheral nervous system development	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P47712                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLA2G4A                high-density lipoprotein	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P08183                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ABCB1                  gap junction channel activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O60733                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLA2G6                 sterol 14-demethylase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P11229                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CHRM1                  RNA polymerase II transcription coactivator activity involved in preinitiation complex assembly	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q15111                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLCL1                  norepinephrine:sodium symporter activity	
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75469                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NR1I2                  exodeoxyribonuclease X activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23219                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTGS1                  mitochondrial outer membrane translocase complex
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02127                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DHODH                  type II intermediate filament associated protein
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04278                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/SHBG                   protein complex assembly, multichaperone pathway
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P35228                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NOS2                   ubiquitin-specific protease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04150                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NR3C1                  regulation of peripheral B cell deletion
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75469                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NR1I2                  exodeoxyribonuclease X activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23743                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DGKA                   GPR37/endothelin B-like receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P17252                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PRKCA                  proteinaceous extracellular matrix
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P49638                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/TTPA                   neuromuscular synaptic transmission
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P05771                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PRKCB                  membrane attack complex
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P62714                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PPP2CB                 calmodulin binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P67775                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PPP2CA                 protein binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9Y271                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYSLTR1                positive regulation of peptidyl-threonine phosphorylation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00395                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/COX1                   inositol-3-phosphate synthase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23219                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTGS1                  mitochondrial outer membrane translocase complex
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P35354                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTGS2                  mitochondrial inner membrane
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14780                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MMP9                   enoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] reductase (NADH) activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P15692                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/VEGFA                  peripheral nervous system development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P47712                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLA2G4A                high-density lipoprotein
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P08183                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ABCB1                  gap junction channel activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O60733                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLA2G6                 sterol 14-demethylase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P11229                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CHRM1                  RNA polymerase II transcription coactivator activity involved in preinitiation complex assembly
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q15111                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLCL1                  norepinephrine:sodium symporter activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75469                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NR1I2                  exodeoxyribonuclease X activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Atherosclerosis    http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23219                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTGS1                 mitochondrial outer membrane translocase complex