http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95479                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/H6PD                   synergid differentiation	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O60701                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/UGDH                   establishment of central gap gene boundaries	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P07864                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LDHC                   N4-(beta-N-acetylglucosaminyl)-L-asparaginase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P07195                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LDHB                   N-acetyllactosamine synthase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O14561                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFAB1                JUN kinase kinase kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14679                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/TYR                    ovarian follicle cell-cell adhesion	match
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04406                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GAPDH                  positive regulation of antigen processing and presentation of peptide antigen via MHC class Ib	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00390                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GSR                    bradykinin biosynthetic process	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04035                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HMGCR                  regulation of organ formation	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P13995                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MTHFD2                 regulation of multivesicular body size involved in endosome transport	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P11586                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MTHFD1                 pancreatic ribonuclease activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9UDR5                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/AASS                   response to chlorate
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00367                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GLUD1                  antigen processing and presentation following pinocytosis	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P49448                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GLUD2                  antigen processing and presentation following phagocytosis	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16878                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CDO1                   transcription initiation from RNA polymerase III hybrid type promoter	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P37059                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B2                atrial ventricular junction remodeling	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P50213                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/IDH3A                  growth plate cartilage chondrocyte proliferation	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P56181                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFV3                 purine-nucleoside phosphorylase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9UBM7                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DHCR7                  conversion of seryl-tRNAsec to selenocys-tRNAsec
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O00217                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS8                 receptor signaling protein tyrosine phosphatase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q15738                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NSDHL                  epothilone biosynthetic process
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14060                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD3B1                 atrial septum development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P26439                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD3B2                 septum primum development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P10515                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DLAT                   establishment of imaginal disc-derived wing hair orientation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95299                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA10                JUN kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43920                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS5                 protein tyrosine phosphatase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75380                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS6                 non-membrane spanning protein tyrosine phosphatase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q15800                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MSMO1                  DNA dealkylation involved in DNA repair	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P80365                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD11B2                atrial septum intermedium morphogenesis
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P19404                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFV2                 oxygen-dependent protoporphyrinogen oxidase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23368                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ME2                    signaling (initiator) caspase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00387                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYB5R3                 lipid kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02218                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/OGDH                   glucagon receptor activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O00483                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA4                 protein kinase C activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P56937                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B7                mannosylglycerate metabolic process	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75489                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS3                 protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14061                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B1                cardiac septum cell differentiation	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P21695                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GPD1                   regulation of adaptive immune response	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P16083                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NQO2                   tubulin-tyrosine ligase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O15239                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA1                 eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2alpha kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P32322                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PYCR1                  steroid hormone aporeceptor complex	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02252                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ALDH6A1                formate-tetrahydrofolate ligase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43674                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB5                 ribosomal protein S6 kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95178                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB2                 MAP kinase kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P30038                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ALDH4A1                (3R)-hydroxymyristoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] dehydratase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O96000                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB10                receptor signaling protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P40939                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HADHA                  detection of hydrogen ion
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43676                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB3                 MAP kinase kinase kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16795                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA9                 NF-kappaB-inducing kinase activity	MATCH
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43677                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFC1                 focal adhesion kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q99714                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B10               regulation of systemic arterial blood pressure by aortic body chemoreceptor signaling
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16798                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ME3                    positive regulation of cholesterol esterification
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P28845                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD11B1                atrial septum secundum morphogenesis
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P37058                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B3                heart valve cell differentiation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75438                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB1                 MAP kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P05093                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYP17A1                Gi/o-coupled serotonin receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P51970                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA8                 receptor signaling protein serine/threonine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95139                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB6                 protein serine/threonine/tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16836                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HADH                   detection of hypoxic conditions in blood by aortic body chemoreceptor signaling
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P51659                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B4                cell proliferation involved in atrial ventricular junction remodeling
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02928                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYP4A11                medium-chain fatty acid transport
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00338                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LDHA                   L-iditol 2-dehydrogenase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P17516                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/AKR1C4                 promoter clearance during DNA-dependent transcription
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16718                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA5                 calcium-dependent protein kinase C activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P49821                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFV1                 calcium-dependent protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P28331                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS1                 protein-L-isoaspartate (D-aspartate) O-methyltransferase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43181                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS4                 magnesium-dependent protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03886                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ND1                    poly(A)-specific ribonuclease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P17568                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB7                 protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O94788                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ALDH1A2                exodeoxyribonuclease V activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9P0J0                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA13                meiosis I nuclear envelope disassembly
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P15428                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HPGD                   heart capillary growth
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43837                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/IDH3B                  regulation of growth plate cartilage chondrocyte proliferation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P08559                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PDHA1                  transforming growth factor beta receptor binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03915                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ND5                    ribonuclease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q08426                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/EHHADH                 alpha-1,3-galactosyltransferase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P30519                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HMOX2                  sinoatrial node development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P40925                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MDH1                   aspartic-type endopeptidase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9Y6M9                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB9                 non-membrane spanning protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P29803                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PDHA2                  platelet-derived growth factor receptor binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P52895                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/AKR1C2                 cAMP receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03891                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ND2                    deoxyribonuclease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q13630                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/TSTA3                  small GTPase mediated signal transduction
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95169                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB8                 transmembrane receptor protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75306                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS2                 protein-lysine 6-oxidase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09601                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HMOX1                  atrioventricular node development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09622                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DLD                    morphogenesis of a polarized epithelium
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P51553                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/IDH3G                  growth plate cartilage axis specification
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P40926                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MDH2                   barrierpepsin activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09172                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DBH                    ADP receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02809                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLOD1                  sugar:hydrogen symporter activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9UHI7                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/SLC23A1                positive regulation of flavonoid biosynthetic process
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O00469                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLOD2                  alpha-glucoside:hydrogen symporter activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O60568                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLOD3                  pyruvate dehydrogenase (cytochrome) activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75936                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/BBOX1                  glycoprotein 6-alpha-L-fucosyltransferase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P19021                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PAM                    transmembrane receptor protein tyrosine kinase signaling protein activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q8IVL6                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LEPREL2                positive regulation of activation of Janus kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9BY66                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/KDM5D                  positive regulation of cell proliferation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P24941                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CDK2                   bacterial-type RNA polymerase regulatory region DNA binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P18031                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTPN1                  late endosome
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09172                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DBH                    ADP receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P21728                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DRD1                   positive regulation of type I hypersensitivity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03372                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ESR1                   tRNA wobble guanine modification
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P37840                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/SNCA                   protein targeting to lysosome
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03372                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ESR1                   tRNA wobble guanine modification
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P37840                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/SNCA                   protein targeting to lysosome
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P24941                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CDK2                   bacterial-type RNA polymerase regulatory region DNA binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P18031                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PTPN1                  late endosome
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03372                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ESR1                   tRNA wobble guanine modification
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P37840                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/SNCA                   protein targeting to lysosome
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09172                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DBH                    ADP receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02809                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLOD1                  sugar:hydrogen symporter activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9UHI7                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/SLC23A1                positive regulation of flavonoid biosynthetic process
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O00469                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLOD2                  alpha-glucoside:hydrogen symporter activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O60568                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PLOD3                  pyruvate dehydrogenase (cytochrome) activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75936                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/BBOX1                  glycoprotein 6-alpha-L-fucosyltransferase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P19021                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PAM                    transmembrane receptor protein tyrosine kinase signaling protein activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q8IVL6                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LEPREL2                positive regulation of activation of Janus kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9BY66                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/KDM5D                  positive regulation of cell proliferation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09172                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DBH                    ADP receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P21728                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DRD1                   positive regulation of type I hypersensitivity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95479                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/H6PD                   synergid differentiation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O60701                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/UGDH                   establishment of central gap gene boundaries
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P07864                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LDHC                   N4-(beta-N-acetylglucosaminyl)-L-asparaginase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P07195                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LDHB                   N-acetyllactosamine synthase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O14561                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFAB1                JUN kinase kinase kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14679                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/TYR                    ovarian follicle cell-cell adhesion
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04406                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GAPDH                  positive regulation of antigen processing and presentation of peptide antigen via MHC class Ib
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00390                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GSR                    bradykinin biosynthetic process
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P04035                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HMGCR                  regulation of organ formation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P13995                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MTHFD2                 regulation of multivesicular body size involved in endosome transport
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P11586                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MTHFD1                 pancreatic ribonuclease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9UDR5                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/AASS                   response to chlorate
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00367                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GLUD1                  antigen processing and presentation following pinocytosis
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P49448                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GLUD2                  antigen processing and presentation following phagocytosis
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16878                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CDO1                   transcription initiation from RNA polymerase III hybrid type promoter
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P37059                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B2                atrial ventricular junction remodeling
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P50213                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/IDH3A                  growth plate cartilage chondrocyte proliferation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P56181                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFV3                 purine-nucleoside phosphorylase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9UBM7                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DHCR7                  conversion of seryl-tRNAsec to selenocys-tRNAsec
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O00217                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS8                 receptor signaling protein tyrosine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q15738                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NSDHL                  epothilone biosynthetic process
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14060                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD3B1                 atrial septum development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P26439                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD3B2                 septum primum development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P10515                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DLAT                   establishment of imaginal disc-derived wing hair orientation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95299                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA10                JUN kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43920                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS5                 protein tyrosine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75380                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS6                 non-membrane spanning protein tyrosine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q15800                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MSMO1                  DNA dealkylation involved in DNA repair
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P80365                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD11B2                atrial septum intermedium morphogenesis
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P19404                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFV2                 oxygen-dependent protoporphyrinogen oxidase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P23368                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ME2                    signaling (initiator) caspase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00387                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYB5R3                 lipid kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02218                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/OGDH                   glucagon receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O00483                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA4                 protein kinase C activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P56937                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B7                mannosylglycerate metabolic process
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75489                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS3                 protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P14061                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B1                cardiac septum cell differentiation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P21695                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/GPD1                   regulation of adaptive immune response
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P16083                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NQO2                   tubulin-tyrosine ligase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O15239                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA1                 eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2alpha kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P32322                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PYCR1                  steroid hormone aporeceptor complex
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02252                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ALDH6A1                formate-tetrahydrofolate ligase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43674                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB5                 ribosomal protein S6 kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P30038                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ALDH4A1                (3R)-hydroxymyristoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] dehydratase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O96000                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB10                receptor signaling protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P40939                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HADHA                  detection of hydrogen ion
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43676                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB3                 MAP kinase kinase kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16795                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA9                 NF-kappaB-inducing kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43677                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFC1                 focal adhesion kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q99714                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B10               regulation of systemic arterial blood pressure by aortic body chemoreceptor signaling
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16798                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ME3                    positive regulation of cholesterol esterification
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P28845                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD11B1                atrial septum secundum morphogenesis
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P37058                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B3                heart valve cell differentiation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75438                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB1                 MAP kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P05093                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYP17A1                Gi/o-coupled serotonin receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P51970                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA8                 receptor signaling protein serine/threonine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95139                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB6                 protein serine/threonine/tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16836                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HADH                   detection of hypoxic conditions in blood by aortic body chemoreceptor signaling
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P51659                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HSD17B4                cell proliferation involved in atrial ventricular junction remodeling
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q02928                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/CYP4A11                medium-chain fatty acid transport
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P00338                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/LDHA                   L-iditol 2-dehydrogenase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95178                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB2                 MAP kinase kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P17516                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/AKR1C4                 promoter clearance during DNA-dependent transcription
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q16718                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA5                 calcium-dependent protein kinase C activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P49821                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFV1                 calcium-dependent protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P28331                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS1                 protein-L-isoaspartate (D-aspartate) O-methyltransferase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43181                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS4                 magnesium-dependent protein serine/threonine phosphatase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03886                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ND1                    poly(A)-specific ribonuclease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P17568                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB7                 protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O94788                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ALDH1A2                exodeoxyribonuclease V activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9P0J0                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFA13                meiosis I nuclear envelope disassembly
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P15428                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HPGD                   heart capillary growth
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O43837                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/IDH3B                  regulation of growth plate cartilage chondrocyte proliferation
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P08559                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PDHA1                  transforming growth factor beta receptor binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03915                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ND5                    ribonuclease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q08426                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/EHHADH                 alpha-1,3-galactosyltransferase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P30519                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HMOX2                  sinoatrial node development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P40925                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/MDH1                   aspartic-type endopeptidase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q9Y6M9                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB9                 non-membrane spanning protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P29803                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/PDHA2                  platelet-derived growth factor receptor binding
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P52895                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/AKR1C2                 cAMP receptor activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P03891                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/ND2                    deoxyribonuclease activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/Q13630                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/TSTA3                  small GTPase mediated signal transduction
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O95169                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFB8                 transmembrane receptor protein tyrosine kinase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/O75306                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/NDUFS2                 protein-lysine 6-oxidase activity
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09601                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/HMOX1                  atrioventricular node development
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P09622                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/DLD                    morphogenesis of a polarized epithelium
http://www.biotcm.org/disease/Parkinson_Disease  http://www.biotcm.org/uniprot/P51553                                           http://www.biotcm.org/entrezgene/IDH3G                 growth plate cartilage axis specification